[How To Train Your Deep Multi-Object Tracker](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.06618.pdf) [CVPR 20]
---------------	

__TL;DR__: The key idea of this paper is to design a neural network (DHN) to replace Hungarian algorithm. The matching between prediction and ground-truth is an indispensable process towards final performance evaluation metrics in many computer vision tasks (e.g object detection). While during training phase, the loss supervision is normally not the same at the final evluation metrics, primarily due to the fact that the match process is non-differentiable. As a result, the main aim of this paper is to design a network to do the matching.

__keywords__: MOT

__Resources__: [[Gitlab](https://gitlab.inria.fr/yixu/deepmot)] 

__Other Notable Info__: 

<br/>    

General Comments:
------
* The whole innovation is to design a network to replace (proximating) Hungarian algorithm. The network ending up in use is RNN with row-based rolling and column-based rolling. 
* The last step of attaching one row and one column to compute FP and FN seems very engineeringly crafty. One thing I am not sure about is how to guarantee one gt bbox only match one predicted bbox and vice versa. 
* Good thing about this algorithm is that it can be easily plugged into other MOT model. However, the performance gains seems not so significant by this algorithm.
* Another concern is that based on the paper's evaluation, there still a gap between the fully-trained module and the Hungarian algorithm in terms of matching. Could this gap potentially hinder the MOT algorithm training with misguided graidents from mismatches generated by the DHN?

Key ideas and technical details:
------
* Replacing the Hungarian algorithm with a network to achieve end-to-end training.

<!-- Other noteworthy points:
------
 -->



